Welcome back I hope you had fun doing that challenge.
I'm in the Section 20 work space and the challenge three solution.
This is an example of explaining something is going to be much easier than explaining the actual problem
to be with this code is so simple.
Hopefully did it similar to the way I did it.
Let the T.L. do its thing.
Yes JELAS superpowerful.
Let's take a look at part one.
Here's the solution for part 1 and let's walk through this one line at a time.
We've got our map here called words and it's a map of a string integer key value pairs of mine.
That's what I'm going to read the line from a file into I've got a word and this is how I want to process
my words here's my file my file is words dot text.
If I can't open it I'm down here and I'm out if I can't open it when I want to do is I want to process
the words from the line I just read.
And that's not so easy to do there.
It's much easier to do if you use a string Stream.
And if you look at the IO videos I talked about string streams in that video.
So in this case I'm creating a string stream called s s over line.
So remember we just read a line that said we read and this is a test
and we don't want to deal with new lines would want to deal with any of that.
We just read that line and then what we're going to do is we're going to create the string stream from
that line and that's going to put in that buffer.
So now I can read words from the string stream and it makes it really really easy.
So you can see right there while I'm going to extract a word from the strings.
I'm going to extract this word and then this word and then this word and then this word for each one
of those words I'm going to pass it into clean string so I could get rid of the periods at the end and
suppose I have something like commas and so forth.
It'll get rid of that.
So in this case I will end up with a clean word and all I have to do is just say words and that's my
map I'm using the subscript OPERATOR Right.
So in this case it's equivalent to saying something like this words this.
Let's assume that we're working with that guy right there.
That is my key.
If it doesn't exist the value is going to be added with the key right.
So in this case that's my key.
What do I want to do.
I want to increment the value at that key.
Simple as that.
So now I just put that word in once.
The next time I see that same word it will already be there.
So it's going to increment this to two and so forth.
That's it.
That's the code.
It's really one line right there that does all the good work.
I come into this line out right here and you can use that for debugging purposes if you like to make
sure that you're reading these lines correctly from the file.
That's it.
That's that's part what I told you was pretty simple.
I'm closing the file and then I'm calling display words and display words will come up here for part
one and it's going to call this function right there and all it's doing is it's just doing a lot of
formatting which is just to look nice.
But for each pair from the words map I'm dealing with the first and the second.
The first is the key.
The second is the value.
So this is just displaying at 8.
Frank 3 and so forth.
OK let's look at part two.
Here's part two very very similar the idea we've got our map is words and this little bit different
because I've got a key here and my value is not an end in this case it's a set of events the whole point
of this exercise was to show you how you can build these things up.
I mean it's really really powerful.
Many times we need to solve a problem like this and you'll see some programmers creating classes for
words and for lines and you create a new class that's going to model the occurrences of a line.
You really don't need to do any of that because the ACL does this for you.
This is a real powerful concept.
I mean I'm already modeling a key value pairs right here why do I need to create another class to do
this when I just need to solve this problem.
OK so in this case I've got the same variables.
I've got the same file.
I'm opening my file right here on line 88.
I need to have a running count of line numbers because I need my line numbers so I'm just starting line
numbers at 0.
I mean I haven't really read anything yet.
Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to read me clear this little bit.
I'm going to read the line into this variable from the file.
And now I want to increment line number because I just read a line so my number now would be 1.
Again I'm using the string stream just to process words cleaning the string.
And this is the only difference here since I'm doing something like words.
Again let's assume we're using that same that word we just read this this piece right here.
That's the key.
This where we turned the pair and I can access the value right there.
So what am I doing.
I am inserting 9 number into the value which is that guy right so I'm using the sets insert method which
is really really easy the first time through the line numbers the line number.
I'm just inserting that key value pair and the next time it's just updating that value and that's it.
Let's run this one last time
here's my output and you can double check it in the code line editor.
But it's really really straightforward.
Here's part one where you've got your word and the number of times that occurs.
And here's part two where we've got the word and the line numbers that occurred on.
OK.
So hopefully you had fun with this one and hopefully you can see how easy it is now.
So in the next video we'll talk about the container adapter's stack and queue and then we'll have another
challenge for this.